guide.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: "Snapcoin: Guide"
on_guide: current
---

Guide
=====
{:.no_toc}

* Table of Contents
{:toc}

Registering an account
----------------------

1. Sign up on the [front page](index.html#register).

Adding Funds
------------

1. Save your address you created when signing up for your account
   (or text `addr` or `address` to your snapcoin.net account address to retrieve it).
2. Sign up for one of these services:
    * Circle -- Instant Bitcoin with a credit card or bank account
    * Coinbase -- Bitcion in 3-5 with a Bank account
3. Send Bitcoin to the address you signed up with.

Adding Funds - from a private key
---------------------------------

<i class="fa fa-exclamation-triangle"></i>
Remember snapcoin.net is a service for small amounts of money.
For your security you should only send private keys
containing spending money and not your life savings.
{:.warning}


1. Snap a picture of your private key qr code
   and send it to your snapcoin.net account address.

Get Balance
-----------

1. Text `bal` or `balance` to your snapcoin.net account address.


Send Money - without a qr code
-------------------------

1. Text `send [amount] [btc/ubtc/bits/sat] [address]` to your snapcoin.net account address.

Units are required to prevent people from sending 1 btc instead of 1 satoshi.

Addresses are checked for validity. If you mistype the address money won't be lost.
"The probability that a mistyped address is accepted as being valid is [..] approximately 1 in 4.29 billion."
[[Source]](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Address#Addresses_are_case_sensitive_and_exact)

Examples:

- Send 1 BTC to the Web Archive: `send 1 btc 1Archive1n2C579dMsAu3iC6tWzuQJz8dN`
- Send 1 uBTC to the Web Archive `send 1 ubtc 1Archive1n2C579dMsAu3iC6tWzuQJz8dN`

Send Money - with a qr code
---------------------------

1. Snap a picture of it and send it to your snapcoin.net account address.
2. If the QR code does not include an amount to send, you will get a text asking you how much to send.

Removing Funds
--------------

1. Sign up for one of the services in [Adding Funds](#adding-funds).
2. Send funds back to one of those accounts.

Closing Account
---------------

1. Remove all funds (see above).
2. Delete the snapcoin.net account address from your contacts and backups.

Delete my number
----------------

Snapcoin.net does not save any numbers.

I've deleted my snapcoin.net account address!
---------------------------------------------

Check to see if you have any backups of your contacts.

Snapcoin.net can't keep backups of account addresses because
that is a huge security issue and it would be impossible to
determine if people asking for it to be recovered are the real
account holders.

If you deleted your account address and you don't have any backups
then your funds are lost.

Please let us know if this happens to you: <snapcoinmail@gmail.com>.

Commit message:

Update guide with command table

guide.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: "Snapcoin: Guide"
on_guide: current
---

Guide
=====
{:.no_toc}

* Table of Contents
{:toc}

Overview
--------

| Command           | Action                  |
|---------------------------------------------|
| `address`         | [Get your Bitcoin address](#adding-funds)
| `balance`         | [Get Balance](#get-balance)
| `send ...`        | [Send Money - without a qr code](#send-money---without-a-qr-code)
| `<qr code>`       | [Send Money - with a qr code](#send-money---with-a-qr-code)

<br />

Registering an account
----------------------

1. Sign up on the [front page](index.html#register).

Adding Funds
------------

1. Save your address you created when signing up for your account
   (or text `addr` or `address` to your snapcoin.net account address to retrieve it).
2. Sign up for one of these services:
    * Circle -- Instant Bitcoin with a credit card or bank account
    * Coinbase -- Bitcion in 3-5 with a Bank account
3. Send Bitcoin to the address you signed up with.

Adding Funds - from a private key
---------------------------------

<i class="fa fa-exclamation-triangle"></i>
Remember snapcoin.net is a service for small amounts of money.
For your security you should only send private keys
containing spending money and not your life savings.
{:.warning}


1. Snap a picture of your private key qr code
   and send it to your snapcoin.net account address.

Get Balance
-----------

1. Text `bal` or `balance` to your snapcoin.net account address.


Send Money - without a qr code
-------------------------

1. Text `send [amount] [btc/ubtc/bits/sat] [address]` to your snapcoin.net account address.

Units are required to prevent people from sending 1 btc instead of 1 satoshi.

Addresses are checked for validity. If you mistype the address money won't be lost.
"The probability that a mistyped address is accepted as being valid is [..] approximately 1 in 4.29 billion."
[[Source]](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Address#Addresses_are_case_sensitive_and_exact)

Examples:

- Send 1 BTC to the Web Archive: `send 1 btc 1Archive1n2C579dMsAu3iC6tWzuQJz8dN`
- Send 1 uBTC to the Web Archive `send 1 ubtc 1Archive1n2C579dMsAu3iC6tWzuQJz8dN`

Send Money - with a qr code
---------------------------

1. Snap a picture of it and send it to your snapcoin.net account address.
2. If the QR code does not include an amount to send, you will get a text asking you how much to send.

   If you know already that the QR code does not include an amount
   you can send send the command `[amount] [btc/ubtc/bits/sat]` with the image to skip that extra step.

Removing Funds
--------------

1. Sign up for one of the services in [Adding Funds](#adding-funds).
2. Send funds back to one of those accounts.

Closing Account
---------------

1. Remove all funds (see above).
2. Delete the snapcoin.net account address from your contacts and backups.

Delete my number
----------------

Snapcoin.net does not save any numbers.

I've deleted my snapcoin.net account address!
---------------------------------------------

Check to see if you have any backups of your contacts.

Snapcoin.net can't keep backups of account addresses because
that is a huge security issue and it would be impossible to
determine if people asking for it to be recovered are the real
account holders.

If you deleted your account address and you don't have any backups
then your funds are lost.

Please let us know if this happens to you: <snapcoinmail@gmail.com>.
